{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31506\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang3082\deflangfe3082\themelang3082\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f37\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f368\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f369\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f371\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f372\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f373\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f374\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f375\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f376\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f368\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f369\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f371\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f372\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f373\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f374\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f375\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f376\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f738\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f739\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f741\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f742\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f743\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f744\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f745\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f746\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Tur;}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\chyperlink\ctint255\cshade255\red0\green0\blue255;}{\*\defchp \f31506\fs22\lang3082\langfe1033\langfenp1033 }{\*\defpap 
\ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 
\af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f31506\fs22\lang3082\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3082\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f31506\fs22\lang3082\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3082\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \ul\cf17 \sbasedon10 \sunhideused \styrsid6842823 Hyperlink;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid4917395\rsid6842823\rsid13721200}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440
\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author Carlos}{\operator Carlos}{\creatim\yr2022\mo10\dy20\hr10\min15}{\revtim\yr2022\mo10\dy20\hr10\min15}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages6}{\nofwords1747}{\nofchars9609}{\nofcharsws11334}{\vern49169}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http
://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417\gutter0\ltrsect 
\deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0
\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1417\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale120\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot6842823\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notbrkcnstfrctbl\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal \nouicompat \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f31506\fs22\lang3082\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3082\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid6842823\charrsid6842823 P\'e1gina Index}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid4065989\charrsid6842823 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6842823 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823 UOC - Scientific papers - IPR
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid6842823\charrsid6842823 Men\'fa}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid6842823  de navegaci\'f3n}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823 : }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823 IPR}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823  (Index)}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823 \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823 ETHE }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823 \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823 Artnodes }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823 \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823 COMeIN }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid6842823 \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823 Mosaic
\par Google Scholar \endash  Platforming the scholarly economy
\par by Jake Goldenfein et al \'b7 September 29, 2022
\par Google Scholar has become an important player in the scholarly economy. Whereas typical academic publishers sell bibliometrics, analytics and ranking products, Alphabet, through Google Scholar, provides free tools for academic search and scholarly evaluat
ion that have made it central to academic practice.
\par 
\par Introduction
\par Bibliometrics have been a major part of academic publishing since the mid-20th century when Eugene Garfield developed citation indexing as a way to automate the organisation of scientific information.
\par 
\par Despite long-held concerns, research evaluators and managers, such as funders and university hiring committees, continue to use metrics to quickly approximate research and researcher quality, and the commercial academic publishing industry conti
nues to develop evaluative metrics and analytics as next generation products. Rather than add to the vast literature critiquing academic metrics and the metrification of academic work, this article interrogates the consequences of academic metrics that ar
e provided by platform businesses like Alphabet through services like Google Scholar.
\par 
\par Google Scholar is not simply a search interface. It has leveraged its system of citation counting into a tool that coordinates the scholarly economy. The service\rquote s metric
s drive the distribution, consumption and evaluation of both research and researchers.
\par 
\par The normative stakes
\par The primary ethical concerns exposed by our description of Google Scholar relate to concepts of academic autonomy. At one level, the evaluation of 
researchers and research centres has become central to the management of relationships between universities and their stakeholders \emdash  be they states or private funders.
\par 
\par But within this weird patchwork of contradictory meanings, autonomy continues to do some meaningful normative work \emdash 
 especially in the context of evaluation. Indeed, it has always been central to academic autonomy that the work of academics be evaluated by other academics. According to Bourdieu, academic knowledge production can only be save
d from its inherently contingent and political construction through transparency in the processes of evaluation, and through the pursuit of disinterested and peer-distributed forms of symbolic capital or credit. From here, Bourdieu makes the claim that:

\par 
\par T
he fact that [knowledge] producers tend to have as their clients only their most rigorous and vigorous competitors, the most competent and the most critical, those therefore most inclined and most able to give their critique full force, is for me the Arch
i
medean point on which one can stand to give a scientific account of scientific reason, to rescue scientific reason from relativistic deduction and explain how science can constantly progress towards more rationality without having to appeal to some kind o
f founding miracle\'85 The closure upon itself of the autonomous field constitutes the historical principle of the genesis of reason and the exercise of its normativity.
\par 
\par The use of metrics for evaluation, provided by any entity, raises complex issues. As note
d above, there is no essential or inherent relationship between impact (defined by metrics) and quality. Metrics often smooth over geographic and disciplinary considerations, disconnecting those indicators from the real contexts of academic work.
\par 
\par From JIF to Google Scholar citations
\par Google Scholar launched in 2004, the same year that Elsevier launched rival bibliometrics platform Scopus. Beginning in 2006, citation counts were included in search results. The scholar profiling service, Google Scholar Citati
ons, was launched in 2011. Citation counting drives both search and scholar profiles in different ways, and we argue that it has become a new unit of value for coordinating the scholarly economy, albeit in a manner different from JIF. While JIF quite expl
icitly shifted research priorities and visibility around inclusion in the SCI, Google Scholar is much more granular and totalizing in its shaping of research and researcher visibility according to citation count.
\par 
\par SEARCH
\par Google Scholar search scans its index of scholarly documents and provides results according to relevance ranking.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823 PROFILES
\par The researcher profile interface Google Scholar Citations, launched in 2011, the same year as Microsoft Academic\rquote s metrics service (which closed in 2021). Scholar profil
es are automatically generated in Google Scholar, but can be edited by scholars. To edit a profile, the author is required to have a personal or university-provided Google account.
\par USER EXPERIENCE
\par With Google Scholar, accessing scholarly work and scholar profiles becomes part of the native internet browsing experience.
\par OPEN ACCESS
\par A third Google Scholar dynamic that challenges certain academic politics and ethics is how it has leveraged \'93open access\'94 publishing to make itself a new gatekeeper in the scholarly world.
\par Conclusion
\par Google Scholar does not have a monopoly on opacity. There is a dearth of transparency and accountability across the now numerous tools for evaluation and ranking. Google Schola
r is not the only bibliometrics platform demonstrating these features or causing these issues.
\par 
\par Google\rquote s ambitions in education are vast. Unquestioned reliance on such opaque measures in hiring, promotion and tenure committees, let alone decisions about wh
at to read and who can speak, displace academic autonomy. If the academy cannot develop an accountability relationship with Google Scholar, it must find other ways to meet its own obligations.
\par 
\par Texto extra\'eddo del art\'edculo Google Scholar \endash  Platforming the scholarly economy, publicado en la revista Internet Policy Review}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823  (enlace a }{\field{\*\fldinst {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid6842823  HYPERLINK "}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823\charrsid6842823 https://policyreview.info/}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823 " }}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\ul\cf17\insrsid6842823\charrsid281081 https://policyreview.info/}}}\sectd \ltrsect\linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823  )}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823 
\par Fondo de la cabecera: Imagen de BiZkettE1}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823  (enlace a }{\field{\*\fldinst {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823  HYPERLINK "}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823\charrsid6842823 
https://www.freepik.es/foto-gratis/banner-fondo-azul-perfecto-canva_19564505.htm#page=2&query=fondo&position=16&from_view=keyword}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823 " }}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\ul\cf17\insrsid6842823\charrsid281081 https://www.freepik.es/foto-gratis/banner-fondo-azul-perfecto-canva_19564505.htm#page=2&query=fondo&position=16&from_view=keyword}}}\sectd \ltrsect
\linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823 ) }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823  en Freepik}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823 

\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823 \page 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6842823 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid6842823\charrsid6842823 P\'e1gina ETHE
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823 UOC - Scientific papers - ETHE
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid6842823\charrsid6842823 Men\'fa}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid6842823  de navegaci\'f3n}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823 : IPR (Index) \tab ETHE \tab Artnodes \tab COMeIN \tab 
Mosaic
\par Understand group interaction and cognitive state in online collaborative problem solving
\par by Xu Du et al . October 04, 2022
\par 
\par The purpose of this study aimed to analyze the process of online collaborative problem solving (CPS) via brain-to-brain synchrony (BS) at the problem-understanding and problem-solving stages.
\par 
\par Introduction
\par Collaborative problem solving (CPS, hereafter) has become a prominent feature in 21st-century learning skills, and it is being researched across many domains. CPS involves two or more people working together to s
olve a problem. Such capabilities have been recognized as a crucial goal in education.
\par 
\par Research has indicated that the CPS skill of team members affects the effectiveness of collaboration. Groups with at least one student with high CPS skills showed significantly better learning performance.
\par 
\par In addition, education practitioners have particularly emphasized the need for building skills for remote collaborations, as teams have become distributed and as schooling or working from home has become the norm.
\par 
\par Research questions
\par Based on the literature, different CPS phases play different roles in the process of collaboration. In addition, developing a good solution heavily relies on individual students\rquote  domain knowledge and CPS skills. BS is an effective indicato
r of interaction quality, which is proven to have a positive correlation with learning performance in lecturing but is rarely studied in CPS.
\par 
\par Therefore, the purpose of this study is to analyze the characteristics of BS in CPS to find a new effective indic
ator, and understand the collaboration process at different CPS phases and how CPS skills impact the collaboration process from the aspect of BS. The research questions include:
\par 
\par What are the characteristics of BS in online CPS?
\par What are the differences in BS between collaborative groups with different CPS skills?
\par What are the differences in group interaction and cognition between groups with different BS levels?
\par The differences in BS between collaborative groups with different CPS skills
\par At the problem-solving stage, three types of collaborative groups showed a significant difference in the level of BS in the brain activities including unconscious mind, memory, and perception. The following bands show significant results.
\par 
\par The problem-understanding stage
\par Delta: LG > HLG > HG, only LG > HG and HLG > HG were significant
\par High beta: HG > HLG > LG, only HG > LG and HLG > LG were significant
\par High gamma: HG > HLG > LG, only HG > HLG and HG > LG were significant
\par The problem-solving stage
\par Delta: LG > HLG > HG, only HLG > HG was significant
\par High gamma: HG > HLG > LG, only HG > LG was significant
\par In Fig. 1, the high CPS skill student showed a higher level of beta-band intensity. That means the student was very focused and tended to be positive thinking. The student led the group discussions resulted in a higher BS level.
\par 
\par Graphic that represent the mean of PLV values of beta bands at the problem-understanding stage
\par The mean of PLV values of beta bands at the problem-understanding stage
\par Conclusion
\par This study analyzed students\rquote 
 learning processes in the CPS activity from the aspects of cognitive neuroscience. First, BS shows as an effective indicator for observing group interactions during collaborative problem-solving and provides insights for te
achers and researchers to further understand the CPS process. Second, the analytic results show common and unique characteristics at the problem-understanding and problem-solving stages.
\par 
\par As an instructional approach, a CPS activity aims to get students engaged in the instructional activity and cultivate students\rquote 
 CPS skills. This study provides evidence from aspects of cognitive neuroscience to support its effectiveness as an instructional approach in online learning. With the development of emerging techn
ologies, more and more wearable devices can be used to track students\rquote  physiological changes during the learning process. This study serves as a starting point in this endeavor. More research efforts in this area can be expected in near future.

\par 
\par Abbreviations
\par CPS
\par Collaborative problem solving
\par BS
\par Brain-to-brain synchrony
\par EDA
\par Electrodermal activity
\par PS
\par Physiological synchrony
\par EEG
\par Electroencephalogram
\par Texto extra\'eddo del art\'ed
culo Understand group interaction and cognitive state in online collaborative problem solving: leveraging brain-to-brain synchrony data, publicado en la revista International Journal of Educational Technology in Higher Education}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823  (enlace a }{\field{\*\fldinst {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823  HYPERLINK "}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823\charrsid6842823 https://educationaltechnologyjournal.springeropen.com/}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823 " }}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\ul\cf17\insrsid6842823\charrsid281081 https://educationaltechnologyjournal.springeropen.com/}}}\sectd \ltrsect
\linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823  )}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823 
\par 
\par Fondo de la cabecera: Imagen de BiZkettE1 (enlace a }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823  HYPERLINK "}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823\charrsid6842823 
https://www.freepik.es/foto-gratis/banner-fondo-azul-perfecto-canva_19564505.htm#page=2&query=fondo&position=16&from_view=keyword}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823 " }}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\ul\cf17\insrsid6842823\charrsid281081 https://www.freepik.es/foto-gratis/banner-fondo-azul-perfecto-canva_19564505.htm#page=2&query=fondo&position=16&from_view=keyword}}}\sectd \ltrsect
\linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823 )  en Freepik
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6842823 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100c3737a19ac060000a61b0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec594d6f1b4518be23f11f467b6f6327761a4775aad8b11b48d346b15bd4e37877bc3bcdecce6a669cd437d41e9190100571a012370e
08a8d44a5ccaaf09144191fa1778676677bd13af49d24650417368bdb3cffbfd31efcc5ebd763f66e890084979d2f6ea976b1e2289cf039a846deff6b07f69cd
4352e124c08c27a4ed4d89f4ae6dbcffde55bcae22121304f4895cc76d2f522a5d5f5a923e2c637999a7248177632e62ace051844b81c047c037664bcbb5daea
528c69e2a104c7c07608342820e8d6784c7de26de4ec7b0c64244aea059f8981664e329a123638a86b849cca2e13e810b3b60792027e3424f7958718960a5eb4
bd9af9f39636ae2ee1f58c88a905b425babef9cbe83282e060d9c814e1a8105aef375a57b60afe06c0d43caed7eb757bf5829f0160df074bad2e659e8dfe5abd
93f32c81eccf79dedd5ab3d670f125fe2b733ab73a9d4eb395e962991a90fdd998c3afd5561b9bcb0ede802cbe39876f7436bbdd55076f4016bf3a87ef5f69ad
365cbc01458c260773681dd07e3fe35e40c69c6d57c2d700be56cbe033146443915d5ac498276a51aec5f81e177d006820c38a26484d5332c63ee47117c72341
b11680d7092ebdb14bbe9c5bd2b290f4054d55dbfb30c55013337eaf9e7fffeaf95374fce0d9f1839f8e1f3e3c7ef0a365e4506de3242c53bdfcf6b33f1f7f8c
fe78facdcb475f54e36519ffeb0f9ffcf2f3e7d540289f993a2fbe7cf2dbb3272fbefaf4f7ef1e55c037051e95e1431a13896e9223b4cf6330cc78c5d59c8cc4
f9288611a6658acd249438c15a4a05ff9e8a1cf4cd296659741c3d3ac4f5e01d01eda30a787d72cf5178108989a2159277a2d801ee72ce3a5c547a6147cb2ab9
793849c26ae16252c6ed637c5825bb8b1327bebd490a7d334f4bc7f06e441c35f7184e140e494214d2eff8012115d6dda5d4f1eb2ef505977cacd05d8a3a9856
ba6448474e36cd88b6690c719956d90cf1767cb37b077538abb27a8b1cba48a80acc2a941f12e6b8f13a9e281c57b11ce298951d7e03aba84ac9c154f8655c4f
2a8874481847bd80485945734b80bda5a0ef60e8589561df65d3d8450a450faa78dec09c97915bfca01be138adc20e681295b11fc80348518cf6b8aa82ef72b7
42f433c401270bc37d871227dca77783db3474549a25887e331115b1bc4eb893bf83291b63625a0d3475a757c734f9bbc6cd28746e2be1e21a37b4ca175f3fae
d0fb6d6dd99bb07b55d5ccf68946bd0877b23d77b908e8dbdf9db7f024d9235010f35bd4bbe6fcae397bfff9e6bca89e2fbe25cfba3034683d8bd841db8cddf1
c2a97b4c191ba8292337a419bc25ec3d411f16359d397392e2149646f0535732087070a1c0860609ae3ea22a1a443885a1bdee6926a1cc588712a55cc261d12c
57f2d67818fc953d6a36f521c4760e89d52e0fecf28a5ececf1a051ba355680eb4b9a015cde0acc256ae644cc1b6d71156d74a9d595adda8669aa223ad3059bb
d81ccac1e58569b0587813861a04a3107879154efd5a341c76302381f6bb8d511e1613858b0c918c30dc2998eb80a6b67b3e467513a43c57e60cd176d864d007
c753bc5692d6d26cdf40da59825416d758202e8fde9b4429cfe0599480dbc9726449b93859828eda5eabb9dcf4908fd3b637867332fc8c5388bad4732466215c
37f94ad8b43fb5984d95cfa2d9ca0d738ba00e571fd6ef73063b7d2015526d6119d9d430afb21460899664f55f6e825b2fca808a6e74362d56d62019fe352dc0
8f6e68c9784c7c550e766945fbce3e66ad944f141183283842233611fb18c2af5315ec09a884eb0ed311f403dccd696f9b576e73ce8aae7c236670761db334c2
59bbd5259a57b2859b8654e8609e4aea816d95ba1be3ce6f8a29f90b32a59cc6ff3353f47e02b70f2b818e800f97c302235d296d8f0b1571e8426944fdbe80c1
c1f40ec816b8df85d7905470456dfe17e450ff6f6bcef230650d8748b54f432428ec472a1284ec415b32d9770ab37ab67759962c636432aaa4ae4cadda237248
d850f7c055bdb77b28825437dd246b03067732ffdce7ac8246a11e72caf5e674b262efb535f04f4f3eb698c128b70f9b8126f77fa162311ecc76554b6fc8f3bd
b76c887e311bb31a795580b0d256d0cacafe355538e7566b3bd69cc5cbcd5c3988e2bcc5b0580c4429dc2121fd0fec7f54f8cc7eedd01bea90ef436f45f0f142
3383b481acbe64070fa41ba45d1cc1e064176d326956d6b5d9e8a4bd966fd6173ce916724f385b6b7696789fd3d9c570e68a736af1229d9d79d8f1b55d5be86a
88ecc91285a5717e903181311fcaca5fb2f8e81e047a0bbe194c98922699e03b95c030430f4c1d40f15b898674e32f000000ffff0300504b0304140006000800
000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2
301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e40
52164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62
107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d00140006000800000021
00e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000
2100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b79961683
0000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008
0000002100c3737a19ac060000a61b00001600000000000000000000000000d60200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d0014
0006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000b60900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000b10a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax267\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef1\lsdunhideuseddef1\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority59 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e50000000000000000000000006073
fa115ce4d801feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}